My brother and I, we had a ferret as well, we kept in the shed.
I suppose we must have been 11, 12 or something like that.
We'd put the ferret in a sack, we'd take a spade with us, and we'd go miles.
Our rule at home used to be, as long as you got home for mealtimes,
as long as you didn't get into trouble, or they knew that you got into trouble, you were okay.
But you had to come home for lunchtime, meals times and things like that.
Occasionally we'd take sandwiches with us, and we'd spend all day on the top.
Over about one of our favourite routes was walking down to where the barn is now.
Coming from Cormier Goddages there, if you turn right, there was a path going up the hill there
called Camroo, I think it was kind of bent path or something like that in Welsh.
It bends up in Cwmbeddw, kind of farm at the top.
That was before that was planted, that was all hill, and that's one of the places we used to go rebbeting.
We'd cut across the hilltops to Cavanpole, where Robert Housencraft used to live,
and then come back through the village and over the top.
But with our little ferret, we never used to catch any rabbits.
I don't think it was the name of the game.
Most of the time we'd spend the afternoon digging, because the ferret used to get off its string.
They'd put a string around its neck and put it down the rabbit hole.
Invariably, eventually the string would go slack and there'd be no ferret on the end of it.
Then we had to make sure the ferret wasn't going to escape from any of the other holes
and start digging until we got it out.
There were plenty of little things to do.
We very rarely used to go off, particularly before we went to secondary school.
We very rarely used to go to lend-in places.
We were occasionally taken on a treat to Pantadora, because the shop there had got a refrigerator and ice cream.
I don't think they did ice cream in the shop in the Abbey at that time.
That was a treat.
I can vaguely remember.
They used to actually have a sports day down below the Abbey.
There are probably other people now, and people like that in the village know more about them than I do.
I can vaguely remember that they'd have a horse race around the field, that somebody would be falling off and things.
But yeah, there were major events.
Even my memory is so bad at remembering those things.
The things that stick in my mind are going home from school and seeing the red squirrels in the woods just below the runoff there.
There used to be a wood of really big trees there before the other trees were planted.
There were big, large trees there back in the 50s.
There were red squirrels in there. You used to see the red squirrels on the way home from school.
There were those things that I think we remembered more.
We used to remember things like Christmas in the school.
Mrs Phillips used to bring along her little bag of one shilling coins to give us all.
The other thing we had in the village was a youth club organized by the vicar.
In most places, in most communities, the youth club was a facility to get people off the streets.
Youth club in the Abbey was the night when everybody came down to the village and messed around outside of the hall more than the events that the vicar was trying to get us involved with.
It was the old Phillips hall then.
Yeah, it was a good time.
You mentioned the Abbey, Abbey Kimhir Hall and Mrs Phillips bringing the Christmas treats down to the school.
Were there any other relationships or memories from the hall?
When the Fenners took it over, it was immediately after or one after the Phillips left.
It was the Fenner family. Martin Fenner was in school with us at that time.
We used to go and play in the hall and kind of have brilliant times running around this stairway.
You'd go down one stairway, round and down another one and things like that.
We used to mess around there.
One of the things we used to do in the summer, particularly in youth club night, was to have little raids over the wall into the garden.
At the time, the garden used to have its aspelliary apples and things like that and plums on the wall on the inside.
It was a little bit naughty.
It was things like that really that kept us amused.
I suppose when you're very young, big events tend to pass you by a little bit.
I suppose the village centre was different a little bit.
At the time, the big conch trees were still there.
There's one big one right on the bend.
Just next to the pub there.
And then there was another one.
In fact, I think you can still see this big stump of it.
There's a big white stump at the entrance to Owen Farm.
You can see a massive tree stump.
I'm pretty sure that must still be the old very large chestnut tree that was there.
Then obviously, a couple of years ago, the current owners of the hall took the big sequoias, the big valentonias, those massive trees.
There were two or three big trees growing just by the entrance.
As you're facing the church, there's an entrance going in for the hall at the bottom.
On the right-hand side there, there were two or three massive trees, very, very tall.
They got the spongy bark that you can punch.
They were very good.
We also, I suppose a bit later on, particularly the lads from Home Farm had got an Austin 7 car, which they modified to be able to take in the building.
They shortened the wheelbase, made it narrower and shorter.
They stripped the body off and put a box on the back so they could clean out the buildings, I think was the original plan.
It was horrendous really, because we used to take it out on the forestry roads and wander around the forestry roads with it.
Really, you sat on the petrol tank of it, and it's still in front of you.
Was this Mellie and his brother?
Well, it was Colin at the time and Mell, I think.
But Mellie probably remembers his little Austin 7 that they used to rent.
We also, somebody gave us, I think it was some, Tom Griffith from Compoi, gave us his motorbike.
We didn't really have bicycles at home for some reason.
But when it was slightly older, we had this motorbike that we used to mess around again on the forest roads, around because you didn't have to worry about licenses and things like that.
But it was a bit of a wreck as well.
I remember at the end, the cable on the accelerator for it had come off and it was screwed to the lid of the petrol tank for you to adjust the speed.